Task #48790
Git configuration
Description
1. sign up to the GITHUB and create a project repository.
2. install and configure GIT version control system in your local machine.
3. Verify the configurations by cloning the remote repository
4. try to add local files to the remote repository as vice versa.
Note: Learn more about important GIT commands.


Task #48785
Docker basics and installation
Description
1. Research and study the basics of Docker Containerization platform .
2. install docker on your machine
3.build a container from the available docker images.
4.study basic docker commands

Task #48782
Session: cPanel,WHM
Description
1.5 hour session dealing with the basics of WHM/CPANEL Administration.
Resource Person: Server Administrator [ IPSR Solutions Limited ]


Task #48802
LAMPP Installation
Description
Install the following packages and host a sample dynamic website with help of database.
1. Install Apache Webserver
2. Install PHP
3. Install MySQL/MariaDB
Configuration files, xtensions and versions should be noticed.

Task #48794
Session: Web Hosting and DNS
Description
1.5 Hours session dealing with the Basics of web hosting and DNS.
Resource Person: Server Administrator [ IPSR Solutions Limited ]


Task #48799
Implement NAT Gateway Setup
Description
i. Create two instances, one in a public subnet and one in a private subnet
ii. Host a website inside public web server
iii. Host a database inside private database server
iv. Connect to DB server only from its webserver, shouldn't have a public access to server even if the security group has open entries
v. DB Server should have internet access. Try to update the software packages, patching, etc

Task #48798
FTP server configuration
Description
GOAL: Enable file transaction to servers using file transfer protocol[FTP]
1. configure sftp in an instance such that, it can receive files via port number 22 to the specific directory as the specific user.ie, the sftp users have restricted privileges.
2. verify the working with any FTP client like filezilla, cyberduck etc.
3. install and configure vsftp in an instance such that, it can receive files very securely via port 21 to the configured directory as configures user.for Vsftp also privileges are restricted.
4. verify the working with any FTP client.


Task #48797
Hosting Errors
Description
1. Research and learn about the error's rises regarding with website hosting.
2. study well about the error's within the error code range 300 - 500.
eg: 500- internal server error
      404- file not found error
3.also note down the cause of this errors,as well as the trouble shooting methods.


Task #48796
Troubleshooting and security implementation in Linux
Description
1. Learn deeply about the different type of logs in linux systems.also learn the real time monitoring of logs as well as the journals.
Note: Logs are found under /var/log/
2.install and configure commonly using firewalls such as CSF and APF. try to manage different services via the same.
3.learn the management of incoming and and outgoing services to an aws instance with security groups.
4.learn about external server attacks and their prevention parameters.
eg: phishing attack, bruteforce attack etc.


Task #48791
Create IAM users and give specific permissions as per need
Description
1. create an IAM user from the Root aws account.
2. set the policy or permission to the user, so that it can only access aws-Ec2 service.[ Restricted privileges]
3. login as the IAM user and verify the working of the policies attached with the user.
NOTE: try the foolowing
1. IAM user with AWS management console access 
2. IAM user with Programmatic access.


Task #48788
Schedule a Server start/Stop function using Lambda and CloudWatch
Description
GOAL: automate the start/stop of ec2 instances using lambda and cloudwatch services.
1.create required IAM policies and Roles.
2.create function under aws-lambda which determines the start/stop process of specific ec2-instance.
3.test the function created under lambda
4.create rules inside cloudwatch service which trigger the function created in lambda.{ cron }


Task #48786
Server Monitoring tool
Description
1. install and check the functioning of server monitoring tools like
	a.Nagios
	b.Zabbix
2.Deeply study the commands used to monitor the server as well as the services.


Task #48784
Disk space utilzation notification using SNS
Description
1. create a script on your instance which writes the disk usage to a file and send an email to specific mail.
2. verify the recipient mail id in SNS console
3. configure simple notification service[SNS] For delivering the mail notifications.
4. verify the mail sent


Task #48783
Host a website or WebApp using Nginx
Description
1.Install Nginx web server on your local machine
2. Host a simple website[index.html] in the default document root, by using Nginx web server.call the website using "firstnginx.test"
3.study in deep about nginx service, hosting types and default configurations in Nginx web server


Task #48778
Server tuning
Description
Learn about different tuning methods
1.Pagespeed
2.Gzip compression
3.tuned daemon
etc

-->
Task #48779
Jenkins Basics
Description
1. learn the basics of jenkins automation server
2. learn about commonly using CI/CI deployment method with jenkins.
3. install jenkins on your machine


Task #48777
Main project - Using ansible
Description
Instructions:
1. Install the necessary packages, which include MySQL 10.6, PHP version 8 or higher, and Nginx on your Linux server.
2. Create a user's home directory under the '/home' directory. You should set the root directory for the website to be '/home/username/websitename/public.'
3. Configure SFTP (Secure File Transfer Protocol) access for the user to ensure secure file management.
4. Configure phpmyadmin access for the user to ensure secure database management.
4. Install a free SSL certificate to enable secure HTTPS access to your website.
5. Once the website is hosted, proceed to the WordPress dashboard to make necessary configurations and customizations.
6. Write a personal blog post about yourself using the WordPress content management system.


Task #48804
Booting process ,Ports and Server Admin commands
Description
Study in details:
- Booting Process in Linux (Steps in detail)
 - Important Port Numbers
 - Some Advanced Server Administrator commands for troubleshooting and monitoring

Task #48803
Introduction to Web Hosting
Description
i. Install Apache Web Server
ii. Create an index.html page in default document root
iii. Access the website using mysamplewebsite.itfs
Note: Create a custom Virtual Hosting configuration File
Keep backup of system configuration files before editing
Study in detail about Apache default files, document root and modules

Task #48803
Description
i. Install Apache Web Server
ii. Create an index.html page in default document root
iii. Access the website using mysamplewebsite.itfs
Note: Create a custom Virtual Hosting configuration File
Keep backup of system configuration files before editing
Study in detail about Apache default files, document root and modules


Task #48801
Virtual Hosting in User Directory
Description
Host a simple PHP website in a user home directory.
1. Create a new user named Alice
2. Create a sample web page under a directory named public_html (/home/Alice/public_html)
3. Access the website using URL: myfirstwebsite.test and www.myfirstwebsite.test
Webpage content:
--------------------
phpinfo();
?>

Task #48800
WordPress hosting with AWS RDS
Description
i. Launch a AWS instances (OS can choose by your choice)
ii. Host WordPress files under a user directory
iii. Create an RDS instance
iv. Connect RDS Database with your WordPress and run webpage using URL myawshosting.net
NB: Only Minimum access is granted

Task #48795
Static Website hosting with AWS S3
Description
1. Create a S3 bucket inside your aws instace.
2. change the properties of bucket so that it allows website hosting.
3. add a simple static website to the S3 created.
Note: try with a simple index.html file.
4. check the required permission/access control of the bucket.
5. verify the working using the endpoint of bucket.


Task #48795
Static Website hosting with AWS S3
Description
1. Create a S3 bucket inside your aws instace.
2. change the properties of bucket so that it allows website hosting.
3. add a simple static website to the S3 created.
Note: try with a simple index.html file.
4. check the required permission/access control of the bucket.
5. verify the working using the endpoint of bucket.



Task #48793
Backup scripting with S3 Synchronization
Description
GOAL: To move/sync the backups taken in server to the S3 bucket.
1. create an IAM Role which allows access to S3, and attach with your aws instance.
2. login to the console[CLI] of the server and configure a mariadb server.
3. write a shell script for taking up the backups of databases to a directory.
4. configure aws-cli within the server and synchronize the backup directory with any of the aws s3 buckets.
5. verify the backups in S3.



Task #48792
Application Load Balancer with AutoScaling for a PHP WebApp
Description
1.host a simple php web application in the aws instance
2.configure an Application load balacer for the instance containing web application.
3.create an auto scaling group with scaling policies for the application instance.
4.attach the load balancer with auto scaling group.
5.verify the working of scaling policies by increasing the load manually.



Task #48789
Send a sample Email in PHP using SES
Description
GOAL: send an email to the verified address using aws-SES with php
1. verify the recipient address inside simple email service[SES].
2. Get your smpt credentials ( from SES console)
3. install php and other required dependencies in your machine
4. try to send mail by creating and executing a php file [ refer aws docs for the information about the file and its contents ]


Task #48787
Save an Elastic Beanstalk Environment Configuration and load it after making few changes
Description
1.create an environment inside beanstalk console.
2.choose the created environment for further changes and save configuration once the changes are completed.



Task #48781
Disk sharing using EBS and EFS
Description
GOAL: configure a EBS such that, it can be shared between different instances.
1.Create and set up an EBS such that it should be "Multi-Attach" enabled.
2.verify the working
3.study about Elastic File System in AWS.
4.configure an EFS shared between different ec2 instances.


